[EuiDatePicker] `react-datepicker` to `src/`; use EUI services (#5339)
elastic/eui: src/components/date_picker/react-datepicker/README.md

_Forked by @elastic/eui from Hacker0x01/react-datepicker for accessibility and consolidation of services._

> Decision to not use a more traditional "vendor" directory approach includes redundant services, unnecessary dependencies, and an separate build pipeline. Most notably, `react-datepicker` included third-party popover and focus trap service and components that do no align with EUI interaction standards and were replaced, at parity, with EUI components.
> 
> Other modifications:
> 
> * Changed to `.js` naming to conform to EUI build processes
> * Removed files related to repository management and publishing
> * Adjusted `babel.rc` and `package.json` naming to avoid babel configuration conlflicts

Reviewer: super minor typos
```suggestion
Decision to not use a more traditional "vendor" directory approach includes redundant services, unnecessary dependencies, and a separate build pipeline. Most notably, `react-datepicker` included third-party popover and focus trap service and components that do not align with EUI interaction standards and were replaced, at parity, with EUI components.

Other modifications:

* Changed to `.js` naming to conform to EUI build processes
* Removed files related to repository management and publishing
* Adjusted `babel.rc` and `package.json` naming to avoid babel configuration conflicts
```

me_irl:
<img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EueQK2FXcAIZDND.png">
